docs: explain phoneHomeEnabled flag and the phone-home flow (#3007)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/manuals/nico-admin-cli/commands/operating-system/operating-system-update.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**See also:** [Tenant commands](../../tenant.md) · [CLI reference index](../../index.md)
```

- false

**--phone-home-enabled** *\<PHONE_HOME_ENABLED\>*  
Set whether the instance is held in a provisioning state until the booted OS
calls back ("phones home") to NICo's metadata service, instead of being
reported ready as soon as provisioning finishes. NICo injects the cloud-init
`phone_home` block into your user-data for you, so your `userData` must be

> valid cloud-init YAML when this is enabled. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
valid cloud-init YAML when this is enabled. Refer to
```
